Fix failing CI, local dev dockerfile setup, implement Centos 6 deprecation (#913)
DataDog/chef-datadog: README.md

**Note**: For Chef Windows users, the `chef-client` must have read access to the `datadog.yaml` file when the `datadog-agent` binary available on the node is used by this resource.

## Development

### Dockerized environment

To build a Docker environment, use the files under `docker_test_env`:

```
cd docker_test_env
docker build -t chef-datadog-container .
```

To run the container use:

```
docker run -d -v /dev/vboxdrv:/dev/vboxdrv --privileged=true chef-datadog-container
```

> Then attach a console to the container or use the VScode remote-container feature to develop inside the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then attach a console to the container or use the VS Code remote-container feature to develop inside the container.
```
